hi everyone this was hit though would
show me the curry calm and I just got
back from Cracow Poland and Paris France
with some super delicious recipe ideas
for her fourth season starting next fall
now anuja is still in hawaii lucky girl
but anyway we just wanted to take this
opportunity to thank each and every one
of you for your continued and loyal
support and because of you we are the
top 15 or one of the top 15 finalists
for the youtube food network challenge
now we still need your help so we had a
lot of yours call in and type in an
email us and asking for help exactly how
to vote it's really very simple you just
go to ww youtube.com / food network TV
now once you're there there are four
tabs at the top you want to click on the
one that says vote and from here you're
going to have to find the show me the
curry video so there are 15 final list
so just scroll through the top and find
show me the curry and click on it
and finally you'll see a green thumbs up
sign and that's where you want to click
once you click on the thumbs up sign
that's a positive vote for us
now you're allowed to vote one time each
day so please please remember to go in
and vote for us once a day and if you
can please forward an email or for this
video anything you can forward it to
your friends to your relatives to your
neighbors to your dog it doesn't matter
if they can vote for us we would really
appreciate it so once again thank you so
much from hit the land a new jail I'd
show me the curry calm